# MISSION // #001
## Union Business
# GOALS
## Cover Your Approach
  Your first objective is to screen incoming fire while we make our final approach to the planet, punch a hole in their defenses and create a blind spot where we can safely operate.
  
## Gain Space Superiority
The Space Defense network has to go.  Once we've taken a few out and are close enough to use the planet as cover from the rest, eliminating the rest of them is just a matter of how long it takes to cycle the Plasma Projector.  We might get lucky with missiles and rail-guns, but I wouldn't count on it.  You lot though, could do a lot to speed up the process.  There are many advantages to boarding one of these stations, from securing a base of operations, or securing intelligence, to denying whoever put it there of its use.  Regardless, its secondary to our primary mission, and nothing we can't handle without you (Whoever put these things here doesn't seem to have any understanding of a Union navel NHP's capabilities).  After we've arrived in orbit you'll have a decision to make:  Board and Secure one of the stations, or descend directly to the surface and leave the SD Network to us.  Wait 'til then, when you've seen what sort of shape your in to decide.
    
## Put Boots on Ground
Get to the surface of the planet, using the planet spanning dust storm as cover.  Once your down there, you'll be on your own for awhile.  We'll load you up with supplies, but you'll want to be on the lookout for more.

## Investigate the Missing Ship
We have nothing but questions right now.  Where is the Flawless Victory? Why hasn't the Union garrison or planetary government responded? What the hell is going on in Metariapolis?  Just to name a few and ignore the really weird shit like, wtf is up with the weird gravity shenanigans on Kustra?  Get some answers, figure out who needs shooting, find some leads on our missing ship.

# STAKES
I have a way to get you lot down to the surface safely, but the ship won't be able to provide any support until the SD Network has been dealt with.
I should probably also mention that I've seen evidence of those satellites being used against surface based targets.  I have to assume they'd be capable of targetting you.

# RESERVES
STORMSHOT: Artillery Shell Harness
BABUSKA: Core Battery
